# 404BrainNotFounddd.github.io
My twine story was a choose your own adventure style that hihglighted the main charecters in Tudor History. In the Twine, I featured charecters such as: Henry VIII, Catherine Parr, Catherine Howard, and many more. The twine was built with a focus on educating the user while making them experience an adventure. Creating the twine required technological & digital skills that make me fit for this role. Firstly, I utilized GitHub and learned how to use it. I created a repository and uploaded my files to Github. I learned how to link passages using the passage linking feature by linking each charecter to a follow up question about them. For example, when creating a adventure for King Henry VIII, my linked passage was about why King Henry VIII wanted to break away from the catholic church. I also did this with Catheinre Parr, where the follow up spoke about her role in King Henry VIII's family dynamic. I also was able to embedd photos, videos, gifs, and more through HTML code. In my twine, I embedded YouTube videos about King Henry VIII, Google Maps of where Catheine Howard was executed, and gifs/photos that relate to the passage. Next, I gained the skil of learning how to highlight, color, and change backrounds of the twine passages. I focused on highlighting and changing color of the important sentneces in my passages. After doing so, I dove into the conditional statements. Learning how to use if, then, and else statements gives me an edge on understanding coding logic and overall taught me great problem solving skills. I also learned conditionals and how to allow users to input text and choose options. Overall, doing this Twine assignment equiped me with a series of digital skills that allow me to be prepared for this role. Thank you!
